## Updated: 10/12/21

Welcome to <https://anchorprotocol.com/>, a website (“Site”) that provides access to <https://app.anchorprotocol.com/>, a website-hosted user interface (the “App”) (collectively referred to as the “Interface”) provided by Terraform Labs PTE, Ltd. (“Terra”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). The Interface provides access to a decentralized protocol on the Terra blockchain that allows suppliers and borrowers of certain digital assets to participate in autonomous interest rate markets (the “Protocol”).

THE INTERFACE IS A WEB APPLICATION WHICH MERELY PROVIDES A NON-EXCLUSIVE, PARTIAL USER INTERFACE TO THE PROTOCOL. THE OWNER/OPERATOR OF THE INTERFACE DOES NOT HAVE CUSTODY OVER YOUR ASSETS OR ACCESS TO YOUR PRIVATE KEY AND CANNOT INITIATE A TRANSFER OF DIGITAL ASSETS OR OTHERWISE ACCESS YOUR DIGITAL ASSETS. THE INTERFACE IS NOT A BROKER OR INTERMEDIARY AND IS IN NO WAY YOUR AGENT, ADVISOR, OR CUSTODIAN, AND WE DO NOT HAVE A FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP OR OBLIGATION TO YOU REGARDING ANY OTHER DECISIONS OR ACTIVITIES THAT YOU EFFECT WHEN USING YOUR WALLET OR OUR SERVICES. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACTIVITIES THAT YOU ENGAGE IN WHEN USING YOUR WALLET, AND YOU SHOULD UNDERSTAND THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH PARTICIPATING IN DECENTRALIZED PROTOCOLS ON THE TERRA BLOCKCHAIN. UNLESS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED IN WRITING, WE DO NOT HOST OR MAINTAIN ECOSYSTEM PARTNERS ACCESSIBLE ON OUR SERVICES AND DO NOT PARTICIPATE IN ANY TRANSACTIONS ON SUCH ECOSYSTEM PARTNERS, RECOMMEND, ENDORSE, OR OTHERWISE TAKE A POSITION ON YOUR USE OF THESE SERVICES.

This Terms of Service Agreement (the “Terms” or “Agreement”) explains the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Interface. _Please read this Agreement carefully_. This Agreement applies to you (“You”) as a user of the Interface, including all the products, services, tools, and information made available on app.anchorprotocol.com or on anchorprotocol.com. This Agreement contains a mandatory individual arbitration and class action/jury trial waiver provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions.

To use the Interface, you must be able to form a legally binding contract online either as an individual or on behalf of a legal entity. To that end, you represent that, if you are agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of a legal entity, you have the legal authority to bind the company or other legal entity to this Agreement and you are at least 18 years old or the age of majority where you reside, whichever is older, can form a legally binding contract online, and have the full, right, power, and authority to enter into and to comply with the obligations under this Agreement.

You are advised to check this Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any changes to the terms. We, in our sole discretion, reserve the right to make changes to our terms of services. Changes are binding on users of the Interface and will take effect immediately upon posting. As a user, you agree to be bound by any changes, variations, or modifications to our terms of service and your continued use of the Interface shall constitute acceptance of any such changes, variations, or modifications.

By accessing or using the Interface, you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by this Agreement in its entirety. If you do not agree, you are not authorized to access or use the Interface.
